Add `color` token group using the new internal palette (#8246)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/breezy-glasses-cry.md

---
'@shopify/polaris-tokens': minor
---

> Added a `color` token group with new internal palettes

Author: ```suggestion
Added a `color` token group using the new internal palette
```
